docs: Reword "Ordering guarantees" in Book (#2618)
PrQL/prql: web/book/src/transforms/sort.md

## Ordering guarantees

Ordering is persistent through a pipeline in PRQL. For example:

```prql
from employees
sort tenure
join locations [==employee_id]
```

Here, PRQL pushes the `sort` down the pipeline, compiling the `ORDER BY` to the
_end_ of the query. Consequently, most relation transforms retain the row order.

The explicit semantics are:

- `sort` introduces a new order,
- `group` resets the order,
- `join` maintains the order of the left relation,

> - database tables don't have a defined order.

Reviewer: Well, they do. Postgres will return the same order of rows, no matter how many times you execute a query (if you are not modifying the table in any way).

It's just that order is unknown.

(I'm a bit pedantic here, but people reading "semantics" are usually like that)

Author: Pedantic is good here! I switched it

Comparatively, in SQL, relations possess no order, being orderable solely within

> the context of the query result, CTE, or window functions. The lack of inherent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the context of the query result, `TAKE` clause, or window functions. The lack of inherent
```

Relations of a CTEs do don't retain order. If they have ORDER BY, strictly speaking, it has no meaning.

Author: This is "`LIMIT` statement"? Or it's something else?

Reviewer: Oh yes of course, LIMIT, not take. Brainfart.
